

This profile sets minimum expectations for searching and fetching Clinical Notes using the [DocumentReference] resource. It identifies the mandatory core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets which **SHALL** be present in the DocumentReference resource when using this profile.

**Example Usage Scenarios:**

The following are example usage scenarios for the Argonaut Clinical Notes profile:

-   Query for a specific Clinical Note type (e.g. Discharge Summary)
-   Query for all Clinical Notes belonging to a Patient
-   Write a new Note to a Patient's Chart

##### Mandatory Data Elements and Terminology

The following data-elements are mandatory (i.e data MUST be present). These are presented below in a simple human-readable explanation. Profile specific guidance and examples are provided as well. The [**Formal Profile Definition**](#profile) below provides the  formal summary, definitions, and  terminology requirements.  

**Each Clinical Note DocumentReference must have:**

1.  a category of the DocumentReference, referred to as class
1.  an author

Additional mandatory elements copied from [US Core DocumentReference]

1.  a patient
1.  a code describing the type of document
1.  a status
1.  date and time the reference was created (STU3 requirement, removed in R4)
1.  an https address (url) where the document can be retrieved or data inline (data). This is the only deviation from [US Core DocumentReference] which prohibited a 'profile of profile'. US Core R4 matches the invariant added to this guide.

In addition it should have (if available):

1.  the organization responsible for the document, referred to as custodian.
1.  a business identifier for the DocumentReference (possibly generated by the transcription system or EHR)
1.  a document creation date
1.  a code identifying the specific details about the format of the document — over and above the content's MIME type
1.  the patient encounter date that is being referenced


**Profile specific implementation guidance:**

The `DocumentReference.type` binding must support at a minimum these [5 concepts](ValueSet-argonaut-clinical-note-type.html) and may extend to the any [LOINC document concepts](http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/valueset-doc-typecodes.html).

The "Differential" View below only displays the Clinical Notes Profile elements.  The "Full" View displays the combination of Clinical Notes Profile, and FHIR core.
<!-- See [merged profile view](StructureDefinition-example-dr.html) for the combination of Clinical Notes Profile and US Core DocumentReference without FHIR core. -->


##### Examples

- [Discharge Summary Note](DocumentReference-discharge-summary-note.html)
- [Progress Note](DocumentReference-progress-note.html)

{% include link-list.md %}
